KBDmir2U.apk is
Copyright © 2018
	mirabilos <m@mirbsd.org>

Provided that these terms and disclaimer and all copyright notices
are retained or reproduced in an accompanying document, permission
is granted to deal in this work without restriction, including un‐
limited rights to use, publicly perform, distribute, sell, modify,
merge, give away, or sublicence.

This work is provided “AS IS” and WITHOUT WARRANTY of any kind, to
the utmost extent permitted by applicable law, neither express nor
implied; without malicious intent or gross negligence. In no event
may a licensor, author or contributor be held liable for indirect,
direct, other damage, loss, or other issues arising in any way out
of dealing in the work, even if advised of the possibility of such
damage or existence of a defect, except proven that it results out
of said person’s immediate fault when using the work as intended.


Furthermore, any “use, reproduction and distribution” of this work
must comply with the following terms:


KBDmir2U.apk is derived from “Hacker’s Keyboard”, which, again, is
derived from the AOSP Gingerbread keyboard:

[… insert others here …]
Copyright (C) 2007, 2008, 2010
	The Android Open Source Project

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
